NAME                            VERSION                TYPE   
ConfigArgParse                  1.5.3                  python  
PyJWT                           2.7.0                  python  
PyYAML                          6.0                    python  
acme                            2.6.0                  python  
alpine-baselayout               3.4.0-r0               apk     
alpine-baselayout-data          3.4.0-r0               apk     
alpine-keys                     2.4-r1                 apk     
alpine-release                  3.17.3-r0              apk     
aom-libs                        3.5.0-r0               apk     
apache2-utils                   2.4.57-r0              apk     
apk-tools                       2.12.10-r1             apk     
apr                             1.7.2-r0               apk     
apr-util                        1.6.3-r0               apk     
argon2-libs                     20190702-r2            apk     
attrs                           23.1.0                 python  
azure-common                    1.1.28                 python  
azure-core                      1.26.4                 python  
azure-identity                  1.12.0                 python  
azure-mgmt-core                 1.4.0                  python  
azure-mgmt-dns                  8.0.0                  python  
bash                            5.2.15-r0              apk     
beautifulsoup4                  4.12.2                 python  
boto3                           1.26.131               python  
botocore                        1.29.131               python  
brotli-libs                     1.0.9-r9               apk     
bs4                             0.0.1                  python  
busybox                         1.35.0                 binary  
busybox                         1.35.0-r29             apk     
busybox-binsh                   1.35.0-r29             apk     
c-client                        2007f-r14              apk     
ca-certificates                 20230506-r0            apk     
ca-certificates-bundle          20220614-r4            apk     
cachetools                      5.3.0                  python  
certbot                         2.6.0                  python  
certbot-dns-acmedns             0.1.0                  python  
certbot-dns-aliyun              2.0.0                  python  
certbot-dns-azure               2.1.0                  python  
certbot-dns-bunny               2.3.0                  python  
certbot-dns-cloudflare          2.6.0                  python  
certbot-dns-cpanel              0.4.0                  python  
certbot-dns-desec               1.2.1                  python  
certbot-dns-digitalocean        2.6.0                  python  
certbot-dns-directadmin         1.0.3                  python  
certbot-dns-dnsimple            2.6.0                  python  
certbot-dns-dnsmadeeasy         2.6.0                  python  
certbot-dns-dnspod              0.1.0                  python  
certbot-dns-do                  0.31.0                 python  
certbot-dns-domeneshop          0.2.9                  python  
certbot-dns-duckdns             1.3                    python  
certbot-dns-dynu                0.0.4                  python  
certbot-dns-gehirn              2.6.0                  python  
certbot-dns-godaddy             0.2.2                  python  
certbot-dns-google              2.6.0                  python  
certbot-dns-google-domains      0.1.11                 python  
certbot-dns-he                  1.0.0                  python  
certbot-dns-hetzner             2.0.0                  python  
certbot-dns-infomaniak          0.2.1                  python  
certbot-dns-inwx                2.2.0                  python  
certbot-dns-ionos               2022.11.24             python  
certbot-dns-linode              2.6.0                  python  
certbot-dns-loopia              1.0.1                  python  
certbot-dns-luadns              2.6.0                  python  
certbot-dns-netcup              1.2.0                  python  
certbot-dns-njalla              1.0.0                  python  
certbot-dns-nsone               2.6.0                  python  
certbot-dns-ovh                 2.6.0                  python  
certbot-dns-porkbun             0.8                    python  
certbot-dns-rfc2136             2.6.0                  python  
certbot-dns-route53             2.6.0                  python  
certbot-dns-sakuracloud         2.6.0                  python  
certbot-dns-standalone          1.1                    python  
certbot-dns-transip             0.5.2                  python  
certbot-dns-vultr               1.0.3                  python  
certbot-plugin-gandi            1.4.3                  python  
certifi                         2023.5.7               python  
cffi                            1.15.1                 python  
charset-normalizer              3.1.0                  python  
cloudflare                      2.11.1                 python  
configobj                       5.0.8                  python  
coreutils                       9.1-r0                 apk     
cryptography                    40.0.2                 python  
curl                            8.0.1-r0               apk     
dataclasses-json                0.5.7                  python  
distro                          1.8.0                  python  
dns-lexicon                     3.11.7                 python  
dnslib                          0.9.23                 python  
dnspython                       2.3.0                  python  
domeneshop                      0.4.3                  python  
fail2ban                        1.0.2                  python  
fail2ban                        1.0.2-r0               apk     
filelock                        3.12.0                 python  
fontconfig                      2.14.1-r0              apk     
freetype                        2.12.1-r0              apk     
future                          0.18.3                 python  
gdbm                            1.23-r0                apk     
git                             2.38.5-r0              apk     
git-perl                        2.38.5-r0              apk     
gmp                             6.2.1-r2               apk     
gnupg                           2.2.40-r0              apk     
gnupg-dirmngr                   2.2.40-r0              apk     
gnupg-gpgconf                   2.2.40-r0              apk     
gnupg-utils                     2.2.40-r0              apk     
gnupg-wks-client                2.2.40-r0              apk     
gnutls                          3.7.8-r3               apk     
google-api-core                 2.11.0                 python  
google-api-python-client        2.86.0                 python  
google-auth                     2.17.3                 python  
google-auth-httplib2            0.1.0                  python  
googleapis-common-protos        1.59.0                 python  
gpg                             2.2.40-r0              apk     
gpg-agent                       2.2.40-r0              apk     
gpg-wks-server                  2.2.40-r0              apk     
gpgsm                           2.2.40-r0              apk     
gpgv                            2.2.40-r0              apk     
httplib2                        0.22.0                 python  
icu-data-en                     72.1-r1                apk     
icu-libs                        72.1-r1                apk     
idna                            3.4                    python  
importlib-metadata              6.6.0                  python  
ip6tables                       1.8.8-r2               apk     
iptables                        1.8.8-r2               apk     
isodate                         0.6.1                  python  
jmespath                        1.0.1                  python  
josepy                          1.13.0                 python  
jq                              1.6-r2                 apk     
jsonlines                       3.1.0                  python  
jsonpickle                      3.0.1                  python  
libacl                          2.3.1-r1               apk     
libassuan                       2.5.5-r1               apk     
libattr                         2.5.1-r2               apk     
libavif                         0.11.1-r0              apk     
libbsd                          0.11.7-r0              apk     
libbz2                          1.0.8-r4               apk     
libc-utils                      0.7.2-r3               apk     
libcrypto3                      3.0.8-r4               apk     
libcurl                         8.0.1-r0               apk     
libdav1d                        1.0.0-r2               apk     
libedit                         20221030.3.1-r0        apk     
libevent                        2.1.12-r5              apk     
libexpat                        2.5.0-r0               apk     
libffi                          3.4.4-r0               apk     
libgcc                          12.2.1_git20220924-r4  apk     
libgcrypt                       1.10.1-r0              apk     
libgd                           2.3.3-r3               apk     
libgpg-error                    1.46-r1                apk     
libice                          1.0.10-r1              apk     
libidn                          1.41-r0                apk     
libintl                         0.21.1-r1              apk     
libjpeg-turbo                   2.1.4-r0               apk     
libksba                         1.6.3-r0               apk     
libldap                         2.6.3-r6               apk     
libmaxminddb-libs               1.7.1-r0               apk     
libmcrypt                       2.5.8-r10              apk     
libmd                           1.0.4-r0               apk     
libmemcached-libs               1.0.18-r5              apk     
libmnl                          1.0.5-r0               apk     
libnftnl                        1.2.4-r0               apk     
libpng                          1.6.38-r0              apk     
libpq                           15.2-r0                apk     
libproc                         3.3.17-r2              apk     
libsasl                         2.1.28-r3              apk     
libseccomp                      2.5.4-r0               apk     
libsm                           1.2.3-r1               apk     
libsodium                       1.0.18-r2              apk     
libssl3                         3.0.8-r4               apk     
libstdc++                       12.2.1_git20220924-r4  apk     
libtasn1                        4.19.0-r0              apk     
libunistring                    1.1-r0                 apk     
libuuid                         2.38.1-r1              apk     
libwebp                         1.2.4-r1               apk     
libx11                          1.8.4-r0               apk     
libxau                          1.0.10-r0              apk     
libxcb                          1.15-r0                apk     
libxdmcp                        1.1.4-r0               apk     
libxext                         1.3.5-r0               apk     
libxml2                         2.10.4-r0              apk     
libxpm                          3.5.15-r0              apk     
libxslt                         1.1.37-r1              apk     
libxt                           1.2.1-r0               apk     
libzip                          1.9.2-r2               apk     
linux-pam                       1.5.2-r1               apk     
logrotate                       3.20.1-r3              apk     
loopialib                       0.2.0                  python  
lxml                            4.9.2                  python  
lz4-libs                        1.9.4-r1               apk     
marshmallow                     3.19.0                 python  
marshmallow-enum                1.5.1                  python  
memcached                       1.6.17                 binary  
memcached                       1.6.17-r0              apk     
mock                            5.0.2                  python  
mpdecimal                       2.5.1-r1               apk     
msal                            1.22.0                 python  
msal-extensions                 1.0.0                  python  
msrest                          0.7.1                  python  
musl                            1.2.3-r4               apk     
musl-utils                      1.2.3-r4               apk     
mypy-extensions                 1.0.0                  python  
nano                            7.0-r0                 apk     
ncurses-libs                    6.3_p20221119-r0       apk     
ncurses-terminfo-base           6.3_p20221119-r0       apk     
netcat-openbsd                  1.130-r4               apk     
nettle                          3.8.1-r0               apk     
nghttp2-libs                    1.51.0-r0              apk     
nginx                           1.22.1-r0              apk     
nginx-mod-devel-kit             1.22.1-r0              apk     
nginx-mod-http-brotli           1.22.1-r0              apk     
nginx-mod-http-dav-ext          1.22.1-r0              apk     
nginx-mod-http-echo             1.22.1-r0              apk     
nginx-mod-http-fancyindex       1.22.1-r0              apk     
nginx-mod-http-geoip2           1.22.1-r0              apk     
nginx-mod-http-headers-more     1.22.1-r0              apk     
nginx-mod-http-image-filter     1.22.1-r0              apk     
nginx-mod-http-perl             1.22.1-r0              apk     
nginx-mod-http-redis2           1.22.1-r0              apk     
nginx-mod-http-set-misc         1.22.1-r0              apk     
nginx-mod-http-upload-progress  1.22.1-r0              apk     
nginx-mod-http-xslt-filter      1.22.1-r0              apk     
nginx-mod-mail                  1.22.1-r0              apk     
nginx-mod-rtmp                  1.22.1-r0              apk     
nginx-mod-stream                1.22.1-r0              apk     
nginx-mod-stream-geoip2         1.22.1-r0              apk     
nginx-vim                       1.22.1-r0              apk     
npth                            1.6-r2                 apk     
oauthlib                        3.2.2                  python  
oniguruma                       6.9.8-r0               apk     
openssl                         3.0.8-r4               apk     
p11-kit                         0.24.1-r1              apk     
packaging                       23.1                   python  
parsedatetime                   2.6                    python  
pcre                            8.45-r2                apk     
pcre2                           10.42-r0               apk     
perl                            5.36.0-r1              apk     
perl-error                      0.17029-r1             apk     
perl-git                        2.38.5-r0              apk     
php-cli                         8.1.18                 binary  
php-fpm                         8.1.18                 binary  
php81                           8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-bcmath                    8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-bz2                       8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-common                    8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-ctype                     8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-curl                      8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-dom                       8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-exif                      8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-fileinfo                  8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-fpm                       8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-ftp                       8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-gd                        8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-gmp                       8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-iconv                     8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-imap                      8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-intl                      8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-ldap                      8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-mbstring                  8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-mysqli                    8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-mysqlnd                   8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-opcache                   8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-openssl                   8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-pdo                       8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-pdo_mysql                 8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-pdo_odbc                  8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-pdo_pgsql                 8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-pdo_sqlite                8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-pear                      8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-pecl-apcu                 5.1.22-r0              apk     
php81-pecl-igbinary             3.2.12-r0              apk     
php81-pecl-mailparse            3.1.4-r0               apk     
php81-pecl-mcrypt               1.0.6-r0               apk     
php81-pecl-memcached            3.2.0-r0               apk     
php81-pecl-redis                5.3.7-r0               apk     
php81-pecl-xmlrpc               1.0.0_rc3-r1           apk     
php81-pgsql                     8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-phar                      8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-posix                     8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-session                   8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-simplexml                 8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-soap                      8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-sockets                   8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-sodium                    8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-sqlite3                   8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-tokenizer                 8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-xml                       8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-xmlreader                 8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-xmlwriter                 8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-xsl                       8.1.18-r0              apk     
php81-zip                       8.1.18-r0              apk     
pinentry                        1.2.1-r0               apk     
pip                             23.1.2                 python  
pkb-client                      1.2                    python  
popt                            1.19-r0                apk     
portalocker                     2.7.0                  python  
procps                          3.3.17-r2              apk     
protobuf                        4.23.0                 python  
publicsuffixlist                0.9.4                  python  
pyOpenSSL                       23.1.1                 python  
pyRFC3339                       1.1                    python  
pyacmedns                       0.4                    python  
pyasn1                          0.5.0                  python  
pyasn1-modules                  0.3.0                  python  
pycparser                       2.21                   python  
pyparsing                       3.0.9                  python  
python                          3.10.11                binary  
python-dateutil                 2.8.2                  python  
python-digitalocean             1.17.0                 python  
python-transip                  0.6.0                  python  
python3                         3.10.11-r0             apk     
pytz                            2023.3                 python  
readline                        8.2.0-r0               apk     
requests                        2.30.0                 python  
requests-file                   1.5.1                  python  
requests-mock                   1.10.0                 python  
requests-oauthlib               1.3.1                  python  
rsa                             4.9                    python  
s3transfer                      0.6.1                  python  
scanelf                         1.3.5-r1               apk     
setuptools                      65.5.0                 python  
shadow                          4.13-r0                apk     
six                             1.16.0                 python  
skalibs                         2.12.0.1-r0            apk     
soupsieve                       2.4.1                  python  
sqlite-libs                     3.40.1-r0              apk     
ssl_client                      1.35.0-r29             apk     
tiff                            4.4.0-r3               apk     
tldextract                      3.4.1                  python  
typing-inspect                  0.8.0                  python  
typing_extensions               4.5.0                  python  
tzdata                          2023c-r0               apk     
unixodbc                        2.3.11-r0              apk     
uritemplate                     4.1.1                  python  
urllib3                         1.26.15                python  
utmps-libs                      0.1.2.0-r1             apk     
wheel                           0.40.0                 python  
whois                           5.5.14-r0              apk     
xz                              5.2.9-r0               apk     
xz-libs                         5.2.9-r0               apk     
zipp                            3.15.0                 python  
zlib                            1.2.13-r0              apk     
zope.interface                  6.0                    python  
zstd-libs                       1.5.5-r0               apk     
